Formalize and automate routine condo data collection efforts (#1057)
ccao-data/data-architecture: dbt/models/ccao/docs.md

**Primary Key**: `pin`, `year`
{% enddocs %}

# vw_pin_condo_review

{% docs view_vw_pin_condo_review %}

> View that flags various supsicious PIN and PIN10-level charactertistics for

Reviewer: **[Nitpick, optional]** These typos don't matter but they made me laugh so I have to at least suggest a correction:

```suggestion
View that flags various suspicious PIN and PIN10-level characteristics for
```

Author: What am I doing here. I just installed a spell checker in positron, this is ridiculous.
